Why might you want to treat the unit tests.
Let's have a look at this application.
We got a user component.
We get a user detail a component a reverse pipe and a user service.
The user component also uses some input binding here or some property binding to user detail a component
.
We can ask a couple of questions or one and the same question actually dusty component work is intended
to pipe and to service this is what we want to answer with unit tests.
We also might want to answer.
Does the input work as intended.
Or dusty in checking your work as intended.
These are questions we want to cover with unit tests and with you and the test we hopefully get a true
response for all our tests telling us that our application is working as intended.
Of course you can already imagine that writing the task correctly is an important part in order to get
the right answers.
And that's something I'm not going to teach you here because I can't writing correct tests is again
something Ford's old coords not even English to specific course of course focus in on testing.
It's not the goal of what I want to do here.
I want to show you how to use testing in English to application not philosophize about how testing should
work or how tests should be written.
So with the answers to our questions.
The cool thing as unit tests allow us to guard against breaking changes because we could say upon upgrading
online application we reran all our tests and we see which tests now fail if we know they work before
we know which places in our application now are broken due to the update.
We can also analyze our current behavior to detect both expected and unexpected results and we can reveal
design mistakes.
Maybe when writing our test we experience some problem writing it cause we find a mistake in our general
design or we find what's running to test you to an unexpected response.
So this is where tests can help us.
Again the philosophy behind testing and how to write correct tests is something which will not be coverture
which can't be covered here but I want to show you how to create tests in your law to application